Hatzivassiloglou and McKeown CITATION clustered adjectives into (+) and (-) sets based on conjunction constructions, weighted similarity graphs, minimum-cuts, supervised learning, and clustering .
Kaji and Kitsure.g.wa CITATION describe a method for harvesting sentiment words from non-neutral sentences extracted from Japanese web documents based on structural layout clues .
Since not all constituents are of equal importance, the sentiment salience of each subconstituent is estimated using a subset of the grammatical polarity rankings and compositional processes proposed in Moilanen and Pulman CITATION .
Scientists CITATION mined subjective nouns from unannotated texts with two bootstrapping algorithms that exploit lexico-syntactic extraction patterns and manually-selected subjective seeds .
Scientists CITATION apply to words' polarities a physical spin model inspired by the behaviour of electrons with a (+) or (-) direction, and an iterative term-neighbourhood matrix which models magnetisation .
A popular, more general unsupervised method was introduced in Turney and Littman CITATION which induces the polarity of a word from its Pointwise Mutual Information (PMI) or Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) scores obtained from a web search engine against a few paradigmatic (+) and (-) seeds .
Strong adjectival subjectivity clues were mined in Wiebe CITATION with a distributional similarity-based word clustering method seeded by hand-labelled annotation .
This is the reason why our kernels on linguistic structures improve it by 63%, which is a remarkable result for an IR task CITATION .
Question Answering (QA) is an IR task where the major complexity resides in question processing and answer extraction CITATION rather than document retrieval (a step usually carried out by off-the shelf IR engines) .
representations: (1) linear kernels on the bag-of-words (BOW) or bag-of-POS-tags (POS) features, (2) the String Kernel (SK) CITATION on word sequences (WSK) and POStag sequences (POSSK), (3) the Syntactic Tree Kernel (STK) CITATION on syntactic parse trees (PTs), (4) the Shallow Semantic Tree Kernel (SSTK) CITATION and the Partial Tree Kernel (PTK) CITATION on PASs .
Then, two PAS-based trees: Shallow Semantic Trees for SSTK and Shallow Semantic Trees for PTK, both based on PropBank structures CITATION are automatically generated by our SRL system CITATION .
The experimental datasets were created by submitting the 138 TREC 2001 test questions labeled as "description" in CITATION to our basic QA system, YourQA CITATION and by gathering the top 20 answer paragraphs .
As a kernel operator, we applied the sum between kernels 5 that yields the joint feature space of the individual kernels CITATION .
Although typical methods are based exclusively on word similarity between query and answer, recent work, e.g.CITATION has shown that shallow semantic information in the form of predicate argument structures (PASs) improves the automatic detection of correct answers to a target question .
Since the dictionary we use, BAMA CITATION, also includes diacritics (orthographic marks not usually written), we extend this approach to the diacritization task in CITATION .
Scientists CITATION implement the approach of Hajic CITATION for Arabic .
Hajic CITATION is the first to use a dictionary as a source of possible morphological analyses (and hence tags) for an inflected word form .
We use an implementation of a Downhill Simplex Method in many dimensions based on the method developed by Nelder and Mead CITATION to tune the weights applied to each feature .
We also build 4-gram lexeme models using an open-vocabulary language model with Kneser-Ney smoothing, by means of the SRILM toolkit CITATION .
These 19 features consist of the 14 morphological features shown in Figure 1, which MADA predicts using 14 distinct Support Vector Machines trained on ATB3-Train (as defined by Scientists CITATION) .
